I didn't expect everything in my dreams to be real
I really learned the Nine Swords to Slash the Sky
What did you do?
You don't deserve to know
Now kneel down and apologize to the elderly immediately
Or I'll break your legs, don't get used to it
Too much
I'll say it one last time
Big brother, big brother is worried
Go away if you let me see you doing evil again
I want your dog's life
Hahaha my good lawsuit
So beautiful
I will really see injustice and pull out a knife to help hahaha
Grandpa needs a good appraisal
Old man, are you alright?
Do you want me to call an ambulance for you?
Thank you, young man.
I'm okay, I'll go to the hospital by myself later
Ouch.
OK
That old man, I still have something urgent, I'm leaving first
Oh boy
You just saved the old man
What about the old man?
I will repay you well.